Accept src as option in pyproject.toml (fixes #861) (#1599)
psf/black: README.md

'''
```

> Note: `src` specifies a list of source files / directories which will be formatted
> (which can be specified as command line argument)

Reviewer: I'm not so sure I like the wording here, perhaps: 
```suggestion
Tip: `src` specifies a list of default source files / directories which will be formatted
when _Black_ is run with no sources provided. Sources given on the command line
will override the list of sources in `pyproject.toml`.
```

(please wordsmith more to your liking - it might be a bit too long 😉 )

- [LukasDrude](mailto:mail@lukas-drude.de)
- Mahmoud Hossam

> - Mariatta
> - [Marc Rijken](mailto:marc@rijken.org)

Reviewer 2: Alphabetically:

```suggestion
- [Marc Rijken](mailto:marc@rijken.org)
- Mariatta
```
